country
hey Dad can we go to Party City yes we
can Kahlo let's get in the car
their dad that one the second balloon by
one that one
no kallu you will not have the second
balloon how about a spongebob or a WWE
balloon the balloon is much better and
you're not on the balloon no you better
knock it off kallu or I will call Tina
and give you a wig I wanna believe no
mr. K loo can I take your son away I was
in here buying wigs for the
troublemakers yes Tina take him to your
home I will send you his stuff and burn
his Barney and Doris stuff later come on
Kayla you are coming with me
now kallu go to sleep you will be having
Cracker Barrell with the Creator for
dinner and then we'll be watching Action
News at 5:00 and as for you Elsa you
will be eating with the Action News team
later and then watch their 4 p.m. show